Update product-management-team-handbook.md (#655)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-management-team-handbook.md

> The purpose of this handbook is to provide more details on the Product Manager role, processes, and relations to other functions within the organization to foster success for employees in this role. This handbook may be shared with other functional areas so other employees may gain a better understanding of the Product Manager role, thereby having a greater understanding for responsibilities and interaction areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this handbook is to provide more details on the Product Manager role, processes, and relations to other functions within the organization to foster success for employees in this role. This handbook may be shared with other functional areas so they may gain a better understanding of the Product Manager role, and develop a greater understanding for responsibilities and interaction areas.
```
